the activity of learn or be train	the gradual process of acquire knowledge.
thin metal strip use in typeset	thin strip of metal use to separate line of type in printing.
falcon: abadon intended game ad pursue lesser prey	abadon the intended prey, turn, ad pursue a inferior prey.
the act of designate a role to someone	the act of designate or identify something.
make pure or free from sin	make pure or free from sin or guilt.
leave undo or leave out	fail to do something; leave something undo.
a social set or clique of friend	a unofficial association of people or group.
the upper part of a column.	the upper part of a column that support the entablature.
sink to a lower level; descend	sink to a lower level or form a depression.
create code or computer program	create code, write a computer program.
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden	grat relief or a exemption from a rule or requirement to.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- sully the good name and reputation of.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
a company that provide public service commodity	a company that perform a public service; subject to government regulation.
physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.	to distribute systematically or strategically.
create something in the mind	form a mental image of something that be not present or that be not the case.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- become less clear or indistinct	to make less distinct or clear.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement	free from a burden, evil, or distress.
a straight length of road or racetrack	a straightaway section of a racetrack.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- emit a brief burst of light	emit a brief burst of light.
stretch to the utmost, cause stress or injury	alter the shape of -lrb-something-rrb- by stress.
move in a group or flock	move as a crowd or in a group.
a temporary debarment, revoke of a privilege	a temporary debarment -lrb-from a privilege or position etc-rrb-.
a imperfection; the quality of be inadequate or fall short.	the quality of be inadequate or fall short of perfection.
clear mucus from one's throat	clear mucus or food from one's throat.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
a address use for postal communication	the address where a person or orgaization ca be communicate with.
a organization that sponsor a large public event	any organization that provide resource and facility for a function or event.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position	support a person for a position.
try to cure by special care or treatment, of a illness or injury; treat carefully.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of a illness or injury.
anything with the form of a thin strip	a long thin implement resemble a length of wood.
the control component of a grammatical constituent	-lrb-grammar-rrb- the word in a grammatical constituent that play the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
part, cease, or break association with -lrb-something-rrb-.	part; cease or break association with.
a cue give to someone for assistance	a cue give to a performer -lrb-usually the beginning of the next line to be speak-rrb-.
make more common, uniform or general	draw from specific case for more general case.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- burst or open, usually with a sharp sound	burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
Make -lrb-undue-rrb- claim of owning.	make undue claim to have.
the political head of city government	the head of a city government.
to cause to become quiet	become quiet or still; fall silent.
more forward in a leap or skip manner.	move forward by leap and bound.
give up right or possession to another	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
come as a logical consequence, be infer	come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
the event of gradually vanish from view	the event of fading and gradually vanish from sight.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
travel in or be shape like a zigzag	travel along a zigzag path.
create a mess or disorder	make a mess of or create disorder in.
the state of be employ	the state of be employ or have a job.
a sculpture of a human or animal	a sculpture represent a human or animal.
-lrb-abstract-rrb- characterize, commemorate, make special -lrb-or respectful-rrb-	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
operate or travel via a vehicle	travel or be transport in a vehicle.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value	fall or descend to a lower place or level.
the ability to recall thing	the ability to recall past occurrence.
a animate agent utter with a spit sound, as if in a rage.	utter with a spit sound, as if in a rage.
the noise of something rap against a surface	the sound of knock -lrb-as on a door or in a engine or bearing-rrb-.
ask for and get something for free.	ask for and get free; be a parasite.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine	the general condition of body and mind.
a area enclose by wall or building	a area wholly or partly surround by wall or building.
raise the stake or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raise the stake in a card game by a factor of 2.
the act of surrender a asset	the act of lose or surrender something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition	protect or fight for as a champion.
a relation of affinity or harmony between people.	a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affect one correspondingly affect the other.
save from a experience, action or harm	save or relieve from a experience or action.
go around the rim of	run around the rim of.
take in -lrb-mentally or physically-rrb-	take -lrb-gas, light or heat-rrb- into a solution.
separate -lrb-as if-rrb- by pass through a sieve	separate by pass through a sieve or other strain device to separate out coarser element.
a cultivate plant that be now grow wild	a plant originally cultivate but now grow wild.
speed up the process of	speed up the progress of; facilitate.
provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attribute; embody.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attribute.
a computer program that perform system support	-lrb-computer science-rrb- a program design for general support of the process of a computer.
the length of time of a temporary cessation	a time interval during which there be a temporary cessation of something.
rhythmical thrust of the leg in a swim stroke	a rhythmic thrust movement of the leg as in swimming or calisthenics.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by add something else; moderate.
confine in or as if in a prison	confine as if in a prison.
make amorous or sexual advaces toward	approach with a offer of sexual favor.
put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.	correct by punishment or discipline.
break up a solid, usually into a solution	cause to go into a solution.
a movement -lrb-physical or abstract-rrb- back from a impact.	a movement back from a impact.
the act of put something to use.	the action of put something into operation.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner	disentangle and raise the fiber of.
a physical framework of cross strip, often wooden	framework consist of a ornamental design make of strip of wood or metal.
a itemize statement of money owe	a itemize statement of money owe for goods ship or service render.
positively-charge center part of a atom	the positively charge dense center of a atom.
a event that cause someone or something to die.	a event that cause someone to die.
indicate a decision or prediction	declare in the capacity of a umpire or referee.
state of be active, bustling about	the trait of be active; move or act rapidly and energetically.
cause to become awake or alert	cause to be alert and energetic.
look through a book or some other write material -lrb-for information-rrb-.	look through a book or other write material.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	go to see for professional or business reason.
assemble group of spectator at a performance	a gathering of spectator or listener at a -lrb-usually public-rrb- performance.
give interlinear explaation or citation for text	provide a interlinear traslation of a word or phrase.
leave to someone after one's death.	leave or give by will after one's death.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
compel, enforce, or insist on something	compel to behave in a certain way.
draw a cross in the air over something	travel across or pass over.
give away something that be not need	give up what be not strictly need.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.	become less interesting or attractive.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something	have a disagreement over something.
endure or experience a painful event	undergo -lrb-as of injury and illness-rrb-.
the manner in which something or someon function or operate	process or manner of function or operate.
the event of come to a stop, end something	the event of something end.
return to a prior state	return to a original state.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War	the United States -lrb-especially the northern state during the American Civil War-rrb-.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- become overloaded or overcharge	place too much a load on.
the act of substitute one thing for aother	the act of furnish a equivalent person or thing in the place of aother.
imagine; form a mental picture of something	form a mental picture of something that be invbeible or abstract.
indicate a decision or prediction	indicate a decision in regard to.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical	carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
a official task or undertaking, usually fund	any piece of work that be undertake or attempt.
the complete haploid sequence of dna of a orgaism	the order of gene in a haploid set of chromosome of a particular orgaism; the full dna sequence of a orgaism.
stamp or emboss with a block	stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
-lrb-medicine-rrb- the capacity of a orgaism to defend against disease.	-lrb-medicine-rrb- the condition in which a orgaism ca resist disease.
a flock of sheep or goat	a group of sheep or goat.
a unit of atmospheric pressure	-lrb-meteorology-rrb- a unit of pressure equal to a million dyne per square centimeter.
a win shot in tennis against opponent's serve	-lrb-tennis-rrb- a score consist of win a game when you opponent be serve.
a messenger deploy on a mission on behalf of someone else	someone send on a mission to represend the interest of someone else.
the act of take a offer	the act of take something that be offer.
hit or return before it touch the ground	hit before it touch the ground.
a thrust weapon, as a sword	a cutting or thrust weapon that have a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
mix or breed thing of different variety or quality	breed animal or plant use parent of different race and variety.
walk heavily and firmly -lrb-like a cat-rrb- as when weary or over soft terrain.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
pay unsolicited sexual attention to	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
Release -lrb-gas or energy-rrb- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition -lrb-perhaps in a metaphorical sense-rrb-	release -lrb-gas or energy-rrb- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
reshow a play or broadcast	rerun a performance of a play, for example.
a figurative position in relation to other position, as in argument	a position give by its location to the side of a object.
state of be under control	the state of be control or govern.
a vehicle race on public road	a automobile race run over public road.
amount that can be contain	the amount that can be contain.
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
move into and stay in a particular position	put into a certain place or abstract location.
opening shot in billiards or pool	the opening shot that scatter the ball in billiards or pool.
a instrument of torture apply to foot ad leg	a instrument of torture that be use to heat or crush the foot ad leg.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- separate or move in different direction	to cause to separate and go in different direction.
a establish or recognize right, formal or informal.	a informal right to something.
fetch something from a source	act of get or drain something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
communicate or make know by gesture, action, or sign	communicate silently and non-verbally by signal or sign.
strike the upper part of a ball give it forward spin	strike -lrb-the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool-rrb- give it a forward spin.
the act of spending, disburse fund	the act of spending or disburse money.
record track of music make on some medium	a trench resemble a furrow that be make by erosion or excavation.
a inherent aptitude or talent	a aptitude that may be develop.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in term of law or rule.	make liberal or more liberal, of law and rule.
free from obligation, service or confinement	free from obligation or duty.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
a cause or source of duress, worry	difficulty that cause worry or emotional tension.
a state of a authority maaging or dominate a circumstace	the activity of maaging or exert control over something.
move -lrb-as if-rrb- by lower	come as if by fall.
process, or refine in a reverberate furnace	treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise price to experience reflation	economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise price, after a period of deflation.
clean, cleanse, or able to be clean	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.	request earnestly -lrb-something from somebody-rrb-; ask for aid or protection.
the act of throw a baseball	-lrb-baseball-rrb- the act of throw a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
break the skin -lrb-of a body part-rrb- by scrape; impact something else.	break the skin -lrb-of a body part-rrb- by scrape.
allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
-lrb-attempt to-rrb- convince to enroll, join or participate	register formally as a participant or member.
give a specific interpretation to	twist ad turn so as to give a intended interpretation.
organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.	organize anew, as after a setback.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize	catch in or as if in a trap.
a exclusive, privileged group of people	a exclusive group of people.
come into conflict, meet in opposition	be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover	provide -lrb-movie-rrb- with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
a lever that activate a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activate the firing mechanism of a gun.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
cause someone's attention, goal, think to turn in aother direction	occupy in a agreeable, entertaining or pleasat fashion.
the human act of make something new.	the event that occur at the beginning of something.
move or gather in a hive	move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
provide or equip specifically with furniture.	provide or equip with furniture.
Make or create something for a specific function.	make out of component -lrb-often in a improvise maner-rrb-.
lowest employee salary permit by law	the lowest wage that a employer be allow to pay; determine by contract or by law.
watery rot on produce cause by fungus	soft watery rot in fruit and vegetable cause by fungus.
room where work or repair be do	room where work be do.
sever or remove by pinch or snip; tend by cut.	sever or remove by pinch or snip.
compress out of shape or into small piece	become injure, break, or distort by pressure.
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument	a single great stone -lrb-often in the form of a column or obelisk-rrb-.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- gradually become weak	cause to grow thin or weak.
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily.
prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.	prove to be false or incorrect.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- be overlay with something	provide with a cover or cause to be cover.
carry as a backpack, go backpack	carry, as on one's back.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- separate into constituent, weaken, or destroy specifically by soak.	separate into constituent by soak.
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
glare or strike with intensity	glare or strike with great intensity.
rightful portion or stake of something	-lrb-law-rrb- a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.	shine brightly, like a star or a light.
the rotate motion of a object	rotary motion of a object around its own axis.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend	-lrb-slang-rrb- a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the tooth or jaw	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the tooth or jaw.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something	pass by, over, or under without make contact.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire be attach.
turn in to get something in exchange	to turn in -lrb-voucher or coupon-rrb- and receive something in exchange.
the act of perceive a scent	the act of perceive the odor of something.
relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color.
express or transform in a new form or language	change from one form or medium into another.
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen	become or make oneself fresh again.
a work bea for manufacturing or repair work	small workplace where handcraft or manufacturing be do.
fall between two taxonomic group	be intermediate between two taxonomic group.
bubble over with a certain feeling	overflow with a certain feeling.
scoop up, as if with a ladle	scoop up by plunge one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
the action of oppose some other social or military force.	the military action of resist the enemy's advance.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- spray or wet with a spurt of liquid	wet with a spurt of liquid.
to move -lrb-the head or body-rrb- quickly downward or away -lrb-from something-rrb-.	to move -lrb-the head or body-rrb- quickly downward or away.
a specify portion of a whole	one of several part or piece that fit with other to constitute a whole object.
join or attach -lrb-as if-rrb- with glue, possibly to cover the surface of a object.	join or attach with or as if with glue.
move from one location to another	transfer from one place or period to another.
to make a great mental or physical effort	make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
fishing-exhaust by allow to pull on the line	exhaust by allow to pull on the line.
completely use up a resource	use up the whole supply of.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
a local non-residential college offer two year of course	a nonresidential junior college offer a curriculum fit to the need of the community.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.	throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
a air force military unit, smaller tha a squadron	a air force unit smaller tha a squadron.
interfere with someone else's activity	destroy the peace or tranquility of.
assign to or arrange into category	arrange or order by class or category.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirement for\/as	prove capable or fit; meet requirement.
treat a substace with some agent; add a agent to.	treat with a agent; add -lrb-a agent-rrb- to.
build, make by combine material or part	make by combine material and part.
make colder, or icy, use ice	cause to become ice or icy.
provide a seat or base for	show to a seat; assign a seat for.
expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
the act of perpetrate a crime	the act of commit a crime.
support by place on or against something solid	support by place against something solid or rigid.
not succeed in achieve some abstract thing	fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
a pointed instrument for write, stylus	a pointed tool for write or draw or engrave.
partake or provide a banquet	partake in a feast or banquet.
a participant who be a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
fasten by pass a rope through or around something	fasten by pass through a hole or around something.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
the act of enumerate or tally a total	the act of counting; recite number in ascend order.
remove substance from a liquid or solution	remove a constituent from a liquid.
study intensively as if prepare for a test	study intensively, as before a exam.
decide the amount to be pay on a insurace claim	decide how much be to be pay on a insurace claim.
bribe, make payment to in exchange for benefit	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
a detention center for prisoner or drunk	a cell for violent prisoner.
a small gift or souvenir give to guest at a party	souvenir consist of a small gift give to a guest at a party.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	run at a moderately swift pace.
oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
the technique and principle of artistic composition use paint	create a picture with paint.
own territory of a sovereign government	the territory occupy by a nation.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- change from a gas to a liquid.	cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
a operation that group item accord to specific criterion	a operation that segregate item into group accord to a specify criterion.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.	force to go away by blinking.
the tactile -lrb-touch-rrb- quality something have	the sensation produce by pressure receptor in the skin.
manipulate or move something in order to operate.	cause to go on or to be engage or set in operation.
drag loosely along a surface, trail	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
influence or control skillfully and often deviously.	influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
cause to be perplexed or mentally confound.	cause to be perplexed or confound.
symbolize, serve as a example of	serve as a meas of express something.
the activity of remove a resource	the act of decrease something markedly.
pass -lrb-a thread-rrb- through or into,on or as if on a string	thread on or as if on a string.
change one thing for another	the act of change one thing for another thing.
lack of agreement, not harmonious	lack of agreement or harmony.
build, make by combine material or part	put together out of artificial or natural component or part.
the act or capability of see	the act of look or see or observe.
a assertion offer as evidence, a line of reasoning	a fact or assertion offer as evidence that something be true.
stain with a dirty substance	stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
appoint, ordain to a clerical post	appoint to a clerical post.
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future	make a prediction about; tell in advance.
state or explain the meaning	give a definition for the meaning of a word.
immerse briefly into liquid or container	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
a contract grant use or occupation of property under certain term or condition.	a contract grant use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway	pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
cause to assume a condition	put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
the inclusion of all member of mathematical set	a set contain all and only the member of two or more give set.
drench periodically with liquid while cooking	cover with liquid before cooking.
raise to a higher energy level -lrb-as in physics-rrb-	raise to a higher energy level.
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine	make certain of the failure or destruction of.
function in a particular manner when move	have certain property when drive.
a set of piece of creative work for show	a set of piece of creative work collect to be show to potential customer or employer.
a person who take picture, often a professional	someone who take photograph professionally.
come into existence; reveal its presence or make a apprearace.	reveal its presence or make a appearace.
reduce to small piece by pound or grind.	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade.
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	exhibit recognition for -lrb-a atigen or a substrate-rrb-.
perform or supervise a ritual	perform -lrb-a church sacrament-rrb- ritually.
a object impair the respiration of someone or something.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another.
act in accordance with rule, command, or wish	act in accordance with someone's rule, command, or wish.
cost or monetary value of goods or service	the high value or worth of something.
a function unit of a larger political organization, a cadre	a small unit serve as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
regard with consideration or respect	regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
the act of lift something	the act of raise something.
lie at a agle; bend along a path.	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of	prevent the progress or free movement of.
the act of come to rest after a voyage.	the act of come down to the earth -lrb-or other surface-rrb-.
put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
remove facial hair by tie a fine string around it and pull	remove facial hair by tie a fine string around it and pull at the string.
manage, handle, or control something	direct the course of; manage or control.
physical force that draw object together	the force by which one object attract another.
deal with accord to routine or procedure	deal with in a routine way.
enclose in a protective covering.	cover with a protective sheathing.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse -lrb-a direction, attitude, or course of action-rrb-.
a fix entrance fee to a club or venue	a fix charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
the act of allow, bestow something	the act of provide a subsidy.
draw in and expel air through lung.	draw air into, and expel out of, the lung.
start page of a website	the opening page of a web site.
-lrb-baseball-rrb- tag the base runner to get he out.	tag the base runner to get he out.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- move abruptly, often make a short, sharp sound	close with a snap motion.
people assemble together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assemble for dancing.
a conveyance or transporter, often wheel	a conveyance that transport people or object.
365 day from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar	the year -lrb-reckon from January 1 to December 31-rrb- accord to Gregorian calendar.
apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of official	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.	approach a certain age or speed.
to fill with coal or oil	fill -lrb-a ship's bunker-rrb- with coal or oil.
assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task.
leave isolate with little hope of rescue	leave strand or isolate with little hope of rescue.
a orgabem infect with aother parasitic orgabem or pathogen	a aimal or plat that nourbehes ad support a parasite; it do not benefit ad be often harm by the association.
make coincide in time or operation	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
confine in or as if in a prison	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
a social system of production, distribution and consumption	the system of production and distribution and consumption.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition	the outcome of a event especially as relative to a individual.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen	regard something as probable or likely.
a increase in size as measure per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for	have a great affection or liking for.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happen	stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by make a inquiry or other effort.
something that serve to suggest a certain fact.	something that serve to indicate or suggest.
a fee levy for the use of road or bridge.	a fee levy for the use of road or bridge -lrb-use for maintenance-rrb-.
obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.	obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
repeat; reestablish or begin again	reestablish on a new, usually improve, basis or make new or like new.
computer: obtain datum/images from magnetic tape or with a beam of light	obtain datum from magnetic tape.
improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or make more concise.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
signify or mean to express or convey	mean or intend to express or convey.
strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
a self-propelled projectile drive by self-contained propellant	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to piece.	separate or cause to separate abruptly.
cause to match -lrb-idea or act-rrb-; be compatible	cause to match, as of idea or act.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- be firmly attach or close.	cause to be firmly attach.
a chart or map show the dimension, movement or progress of something	a chart or map show the movement or progress of a object.
identify, establish location or identity	recognize as be; establish the identity of someone or something.
put or set into, between or among	put or introduce into something.
a person or thing in the role of be a replacement for something else	a person or thing that take or can take the place of another.
division of a university that offer degree beyond bachelor's degree	a school in a university offering study lead to degree beyond the bachelor's degree.
subsist on a meager allowance or supply.	subsist on a meager allowance.
provide, raise, or supply fund to	obtain or provide money for.
a official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity	a official responsible for control ad supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
the act of create written work.	the activity of put something in written form.
take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force.
go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch.
a official campaign against a perceive societal harm	a concerted campaign to end something that be injurious.
remove feather, pit, shell, skin, husk	remove shell or husk from.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness	a aggressive willingness to compete.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
give a neat appearance to, neaten	give a neat appearance to.
the spatial, geometric contour of a object	the set of element common to two or more set.
the physiological activation of a orgaism or orga	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or orga.
supporter, advocate of something or someone	the act of hire something or someone.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
regulate or set the time of -lrb-a clock-rrb-	billow up in the form of a cloud.
the act of substitute one thing for another	the act of testing something.
the foremost part of something	the first part or section of something.
the state of be in contact	the state of be active.
measure the time or duration of	make weak by stunt the growth or development of.
create a electrical short in something.	the act of stop something.
move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	pull, or move with a sudden movement.
the conclude section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
final stage of a event or activity	make a retreat from a earlier commitment or activity.
the act of govern, administrate	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of move, turn something	the act of retain something.
the state of be retain	the state of be angry.
hold in a give state or situation	create and charge with a task or function.
the act of put a preparation on something.	the management of someone or something.
soak up -lrb-as if-rrb- with a sponge.	hurl as if with a sling.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
the act of create written work.	a act of delaying or interrupt the continuity.
the state of have option, alternative	the act of admit someone to enter.
the activity of examine or assess something	the act of retain something.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of decrease or reduce something.
the act of conceal or disguise	the state of inactivity follow a interruption.
the act of provide help or aid to someone	the act of look or see or observe.
the state of be retain	the trait of be well behave.
provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
act or do something in reaction to something	the remains of something that have be destroy or break up.
the quality of be useful for something	the act of change one thing for another thing.
protect with or as if with a shield	separate with or as if with a instrument.
declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
bind somebody or become bind emotionally	be in some specified state or condition.
assimilate into the mind or a situation	lift and reset in another soil or situation.
the human act of make something new.	the speech act of make something evident.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the manner in which something or someon function or operate	the act of force something out by squeeze or press.
location sheltered from the wind	a portion remove from the whole.
the act of choose or select	the act of look or see or observe.
move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
the act of intentionally omit something	have flavor; taste of something.
the noise of something rap against a surface	the act of apply paint to a surface.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
the act of move, turn something	the act of pass from one state or place to the next.
make a incision or separation	take measure in preparation for.
a established linear path of travel	a established line of travel or access.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful	behave in a certain way.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous element	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also use metaphorically.
the spatial, geometric contour of a object	the speech act of object.
a physical difficulty or obstacle	get despite difficulty or obstacle.
abide BY: act in accordance with rule, command, or wish.	act in accordance with someone's rule, command, or wish.
want, desire or perfer to do something	a disagreement or argument about something important.
look at or observe something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to.
move, transfer or carry something or someone	a means or agency by which something be express or communicate.
the state of be retain	the state of be in effect or be operative.
the act of provide help or aid to someone	the act of perceive the odor of something.
farm out: arrange for contract work to be do by other.	arrange for contract work to be do by other.
fasten -lrb-as if-rrb- with a rivet or rivet.	create and charge with a task or function.
cause to be immerse in	cause to be firmly attach.
the act of move, turn something	the act of describe something.
build, make by combine material or part	make by combine material and part.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- happen at a later time	where you live at a particular time.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of collide with something.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of reject something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
the act of arrive at a certain place	the occurrence of a uniting of separate part.
the act of grasp into one's arm	the trait of waste resource.
a state of be encircle	the state of be excommunicate.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- be overcome with sudden fear	to bring or combine together or with something else.
leave undo or leave out	terminate, end, or take out.
change one thing for another	the act of change one thing or position for another.
reduce to small piece by pound or grind.	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade.
put into or keep in a stall	bring into a different state.
the appropriate or desirable thing.	the upper part of anything.
the act of conceal or disguise	the act of clipping or snip.
a visual characterization of something	a visual representation of something.
physically grapple with a opponent	a exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
the scent or odor of something	the act of apply force to propel something.
the human act of make something new.	the act of break something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- separate or move in different direction	to cause to separate and go in different direction.
a state or act of gain pleasure	the act of spending or disburse money.
Change the meaning of -lrb-someone's-rrb- word with intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of testing something.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the act of appraise, critique something	the act of catch a object with the had.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- appear suddenly or briefly	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take action or behave in a certain way	compel to behave in a certain way.
the state of be retain	the state of be active.
a instance or action of be incorrect.	show consideration for; take into account.
the act of express approval, support of something	the act of decrease something markedly.
the act of put something to use.	the activity of protect something from loss or danger.
discourage or frighten with threat or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.	discourage or frighten with threat or a domineering manner; intimidate.
sacrifice or toll require to achieve something	a appraisal of the value of something.
the act of advocate or promote something	the act of take of a person by force.
the state of be employ	the state of be excommunicate.
the quality of be useful for something	the quality of not be useful or convenient.
a person who memorize or learn quickly	a person who join with other in some activity or endeavor.
the state of have one's weight support	the state of be connect.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of raise something.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
a exciting or stimulating experience.	the act of construct something.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of climb something.
the act of provide incentive to someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of put something to use.	the act of testing something.
the root or base form of a word	the removal of a opponent's piece from the chess board.
be or come into conflict	originate or come into be.
make or become more acute or intense	make or become more narrow or restricted.
move or arrange oneself -lrb-oneselve-rrb- in a comfortable and cozy position.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
literally cause to become unable to see.	bind by a obligation; cause to be indebted.
attract; cause to be enamor by -lrb-one's-rrb- nature.	matter that have be deposit by some natural process.
visual representation sketch by hand	a visual representation of something.
a person who be a member of the senate	a person who be a member of a partnership.
Cover or back with foil.	communicate or signal with a flag.
the state of be please with life.	the state of be join or unite or link.
look at or observe something or someone	the act of hire something or someone.
give a neat appearance to, neaten	give a neat appearance to.
a abundace or profusion of something	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone	make a request or demand for something to somebody.
the act of move, turn something	the act of make up you mind about something.
the state of be employ	the state of be deplete.
set forth as a introduction or preface	stir the feeling, emotion, or peace of.
the act of conceal or disguise	the act of provide a subsidy.
the act of begin something new.	the act of reject something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- separate or move in different direction	to cause to separate and go in different direction.
live in the bush as a fugitive or guerilla	declare in the capacity of a umpire or referee.
the act of purchase back something previously sell.	the act of damaging something or someone.
bring, lead, or force to abadon a evil path or lifestyle ad adopt a right course of action.	bring, lead, or force to abadon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, ad adopt a right one.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- run at a moderately swift pace.	run at a moderately swift pace.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- meet or intersect	cause to make a snap sound.
settle or deal with something	put or introduce into something.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another.
search -lrb-as the bottom of a body of water-rrb- for something	search -lrb-as the bottom of a body of water-rrb- for something valuable or lose.
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a restraint that check the motion of something.
follow one's own or another's path	go one's own way; move apart.
the state of be in contact	the state or fact of be a owner.
the act or means of get rid of something.	the act of remove or get rid of something.
set forth as a introduction or preface	set or ask for a certain price.
severance from a social connection or tie	free from obligation or duty.
the human act of make something new.	the speech act of make something evident.
the state of be retain	the state of be reject.
a instance or action of be incorrect.	the space where a division or parting occur.
deliver the goods: attain success, reach a goal	attain success or reach a desire goal.
the act of harm or hurt someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
the pulsation of the heart	piece -lrb-something old-rrb- with a new part.
behave or move in a certain manner	be worthy of or have a certain rating.
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily.
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case.
a border or boundary of a object	pla, orgaize, ad carry out -lrb-a event-rrb-.
the act of provide incentive to someone	the act of lose someone or something.
the act of begin something new.	the act of decrease something markedly.
administer or bestow, as portion	administer or bestow, as in small portion.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.	the act of pass something to another person.
the act of indicate or point out by name.	the act of spending or disburse money.
the act of begin something new.	the act of stop something.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
set forth as a introduction or preface	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
the action of place or situate a object	the act of choose or select.
the act of put a preparation on something.	the act of break something.
the state of be retain	the state of be connect.
a consequence, outcome or result of something	have a disagreement over something.
the act of confining, prevent or block something	the act of change one thing for another thing.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of apply force to propel something.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect.
the act of accuse someone or something for be at fault	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
a rationale or reason for something	a relation that provide the foundation for something.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
the act of turn, rotate a object	the trait of waste resource.
define, distinctive form or shape of something	a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
run aground---lrb-cause to-rrb- come to the ground	cause to come to the ground.
expel or eject -lrb-saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit-rrb- from the mouth.	expel or eject -lrb-saliva or phlegm or sputum-rrb- from the mouth.
a aggregation of thing or people	the visual appearace of something or someone.
trace the form or outline of	change the arrangement or position of.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of affirm or assert or state something.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of decrease or reduce something.
manipulate or move something in order to operate.	act or move at high speed.
the process of become less or smaller	the bodily process of discharge waste matter.
the state of be retain	the state of be actual or real.
rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
make a proposal or overture to with a specific end in view	make a channel for; provide with a channel.
the activity of examine or assess something	the act of spending or disburse money.
combine so as to form a more complex product	combine so as to form a whole; mix.
understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something.
the flavor quality of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something.
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	observe or plot the move path of something.
put in a dangerous position	put in a horizontal position.
a store or supply of something	a large or extra supply of something.
Understad the meaing of something.	orgaize -lrb-the production of something-rrb- into a industry.
a allotment or percentage of something	a appraisal of the value of something.
the act of conceal or disguise	the act of explode or burst.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
take legal action against, as in court	tie or fasten into a knot.
the act of search for or buy goods or service.	the act of branch out or divide into branch.
bring to a certain pressure	bring to a certain spiritual state.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- run at a moderately swift pace.	cause bodily suffer to and make sick or indisposed.
the way something conform to a shape	how something be do or how it happen.
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a judgment of the quality of something or somebody.
Make receptive or willing toward a action or belief.	make receptive or willing towards a action or attitude or belief.
a agent or compay that insure something	a energetic attempt to achieve something.
the event of propose or volunteer something	the act of reject something.
remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
free -lrb-from restraint-rrb-, let loose	a loud resonant repeat noise.
the act of turn, rotate a object	the act of troubling or anoying someone.
remove to or from a place or situation	remove or force out from a position.
the act of begin something new.	the act of break something.
the quality of heighten light on area of a object	the activity of protect someone or something.
act of move or convey something	the act of decrease or reduce something.
the act of preserve or protect something	the activity of supply or provide something.
the act of put something to use.	the act of testing something.
draw a cross in the air over something	get the meaning of something.
the act of forcibly take the opposition	the act of force the enemy to withdraw.
the act of choose or select	the act of wind or twist.
provoke someone to do something through -lrb-often exaggerated or false-rrb- promise or persuasion.	provoke someone to do something through -lrb-often false or exaggerated-rrb- promise or persuasion.
refuse to recognize something as valid -lrb-not a person-rrb-.	the power to use something or someone.
a indication of something, evidence	the disclosure of something secret.
the act of improve something's quality	the act of start something.
create a new entity by put component or member together	create by put component or member together.
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe	something that float on the surface of water.
the act of accuse someone or something for be at fault	the act of put something in work order again.
the state of be in contact	the state of be exclude.
amount that can be contain	the amount that can be contain.
collection of name and address to serve as recipient of information content	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
turn, twist or fasten -lrb-as if-rrb- with a screw	take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of project out from something.
become or cause to become obstruct	become or cause to become soft or liquid.
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	the enclose frame around a door or window opening.
the act of forcibly take the opposition	the act of crack something.
the human act of make something new.	the act of raise something.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- happen at a later time	cause to skip over a surface.
a small, indefinite portion of something	lumber use in the construction of something.
be give to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
make a crush noise, possibly as the result of press or grind.	have a range; be capable of project over a certain distance, as of a gun.
place or lay as if in a pile	enclose in or as if in a frame.
the act of rub a surface	the act of apply paint to a surface.
move or arrange oneself -lrb-oneselve-rrb- in a comfortable and cozy position.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
refuse to recognize something as valid -lrb-not a person-rrb-.	the speech act of make something evident.
the act of confining, prevent or block something	the act of refer or consult.
the act of choose or select	the act of start something.
the act of put something to use.	the act of put something somewhere.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	get or extort -lrb-money or other possession-rrb- from someone.
the context or setting in which something take place	the act of start something.
the state of be retain	the act of break something.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
cause or become accessible state, make or become available	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
remove from a place or from office	remove from memory or existence.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of raise something.
get or find back; recover	get or find back; recover the use of.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen	change toward something smaller or lower.
a object impair the respiration of someone or something.	a advatage to the benefit of someone or something.
carry out or complete a activity	carry out or perform a action.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	cause -lrb-a liquid-rrb- to leach or percolate.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- appear suddenly or briefly	cause to appear in a new form.
the act of harm or hurt someone	the act of draw or haul something.
the act of move, turn something	the act of construct something.
the act of preserve or protect something	draw up a outline or sketch for something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- come apart, separate, or split	cause to be agitate, excite, or rouse.
remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
the act of flip a object into the air	the act of rend or rip or splitting something.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of choose or select.
the act of protest, dissent	the act of break something.
the activity of pretend to be someone or something else	the activity of protect someone or something.
make a image or sound clearer; put into focus	make a mess of or create disorder in.
the act of turn, rotate a object	the act of catch a object with the had.
the act of appraise, critique something	the act of decrease or reduce something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- run at a moderately swift pace.	run at a moderately swift pace.
pass time in a particular place or way	assign a new time ad place for a event.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- be cover with something.	give someone credit for something.
-lrb-the act of make-rrb- a measurement of something.	the state of be unsure of something.
write all the require information	write all the require information onto a form.
abrupt state of disbelief about something	the act of choose or select.
the act of conceal or disguise	the act of form or establish something.
the cause or instigation of something	the end or completion of something.
lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in write, think, or speaking.
a context or situation that hinder or impede	a negative aspect of something that be generally positive.
create a electrical short in something.	have a argument about something.
have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
ascribe or place in association with	be or act in association with.
a plant structure near the top of the plant.	a strong current of air.
the act of rub a surface	the act of give temporary assistance.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of start something.
amount that can be contain	the amount that can be contain.
round end of a bone	put in the mind of someone.
the action of place or situate a object	the condition of living or the state of be alive.
the act of harm or hurt someone	the act of hinder or obstruct or impede.
administer or bestow, as portion	administer or bestow, as in small portion.
the assertion of a proposition offer as true	the action of oppose something that you disapprove or disagree with.
the act of enter a structure	the state of be actual or real.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of end something.
a area that be central within some larger region.	a area that be approximately central within some larger region.
reduce the price of something	the rate of some repeat event.
a instance or action of be incorrect.	the status or fact of be elect.
the state of be in work order	the state of be actual or real.
the state of be retain	the state of be connect.
the action of place or situate a object	a formation of people or thing one beside aother.
the act of conscripting soldier for a army	the act of compete as for profit or a prize.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of stop something.
the state of be employ	the state of be exclude.
have in mind as a plan or purpose	wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
the act of protest, dissent	the act of hit vigorously.
class of student teach together	a body of student who be teach together.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.	something serve as a cover or protection.
the act of cut off length, snip off	the act of make or enact law.
the act of move, turn something	the act of climb something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- separate or move in different direction	to cause to separate and go in different direction.
cover with a primer base	move with a thrashing motion.
the state of have option, alternative	the act of come to land after a voyage.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of perceive the odor of something.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner.
the essence or gist of something	the disadvantage that result from lose something.
prepare for\/put to action or use	make ready for action or use.
cause to be immerse in	cause to be interested or curious.
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft.
pass into by penetrate or permeate	the act of break something.
a boundary area or edge of something	a concentrated example of something.
the activity of examine or assess something	the act of designate or identify something.
the act of begin something new.	the act of end something.
the quality of heighten light on area of a object	the date on which a obligation must be repay.
unite; merge with something already in existence	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the act of move, turn something	the act of remove or get rid of something.
the state of be retain	the state of be suspect.
the act of govern, administrate	the rate of move -lrb-especially walk or run-rrb-.
the quality of be useful for something	the act of make up you mind about something.
the act of choose or select	the act of raise something.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the place within which a authority have power	the act of add one thing to aother.
the foremost part of something	the greatest possible degree of something.
mark or cover with or as if with dot	cover with or as if with a cloak.
the act of put something to use.	the act of start something.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.	something copy or derive from a original.
the act of put a preparation on something.	the general outward appearance of something.
the act of advocate or promote something	the act of raise something.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- separate or move in different direction	to cause to separate and go in different direction.
the act of put something to use.	the path follow by a object move through space.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something	a relation that provide the foundation for something.
the act of substitute one thing for another	the act of contact one thing with another.
the act of preserve or protect something	the act of decrease or reduce something.
the act of conceal or disguise	the state of be exclude.
the act of apply paint to a surface	the act of flip a coin.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain way.
reduce to small piece by pound or grind.	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade.
the act of conceal or disguise	the act of free a city or town that have be besiege.
put on cream, as on one's face or body.	carry, as on one's back.
supporter, advocate of something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
wear or display, as in a facet of something or a article of clothing.	a consequence of someone's effort or of a particular set of circumstace.
move into and stay in a particular position	concentrate on a particular place or spot.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- move back and forth or side to side	move back and forth or sideways.
sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
state of be unclothed, naked	the act of climb something.
the noise of something rap against a surface	the event of something burning -lrb-often destructive-rrb-.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of retain something.
supply with water for crop, as with channel, ditch, or stream.	supply with water, as with channel or ditch or stream.
snatch or capture a freely move object	search for or buy goods or service.
-lrb-cause to-rrb- become widely distribute.	become or cause to become obstruct.
the human act of make something new.	the speech act of make something evident.
trace the form or outline of	show the form or outline of.
hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.	move through with or as if with a rake.
the act of purchase back something previously sell.	the act of explain; make something plain or intelligible.
the activity of examine or assess something	the act of form or establish something.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.	talk in a tearful manner.
exist in a certain maner, mode, or style	the last or lowest in a order or series.
the act of harm or hurt someone	the act of choose or select.
glean or gather natural product	gather, as of natural product.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
saturate or inocculate with a substance.	make a mark or line on a surface.
the act of turn, rotate a object	the act of add one thing to aother.
make track on a surface	make a mark or line on a surface.
the act of put something to use.	the act of hire something or someone.
the identification or the realization of something	the time period that be consider best for start or finbehing something.
to make ready, fit out	make ready for action or use.
the act of intentionally omit something	the act of rend or rip or splitting something.
the act of substitute one thing for another	the act of add one thing to another.
cause to move forward with force.	vary or move from a fixed point or course.
the manner in which something or someon function or operate	the amount by which something decrease.
injure by turn or rotate	move by turn over or rotate.
the act of forecasting or predict something	the act of decrease or reduce something.
cause to be in a state or location	put into a certain place or abstract location.
protect with or as if with a shield	maintain with or as if with a bet.
the human act of make something new.	the act of raise something.
the conclude section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
the crown of a flowering plant	the reduction of something's value or worth.
want, desire or perfer to do something	prefer or wish to do something.
the activity of pretend to be someone or something else	the act of liberating someone or something.
supply with water for crop, as with channel, ditch, or stream.	supply with water, as with channel or ditch or stream.
the act of combine, blend, integrate	-lrb-theology-rrb- God's act of bring the universe into existence.
the activity of pretend to be someone or something else	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of harm or hurt someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
